# ICTAK_ML_AI-Team-3_ComplaintPrioratization

In the current decade of automation, organizations make future insights and make changes to their business models based on the analytical techniques used for customer relationship management (CRM) to serve customers better. CRM is essential for dealing with customers in different forms of communication such as acceptance of feedback through telephone calls, emails, SMS, online comments, and complaint portals. Banking is an essential piece of everyday life for everyone worldwide. Banks need to make sure their products and processes are simple and available to everyone. While banks have a monopoly on our financial needs, their desire to retain and acquire existing customers drives them to provide excellent customer service in a timely fashion. This project aims to analyze bank client feedback through Machine Learning (ML) and Natural Language Processing (NLP) models. The model will be built on data for financial sentiment analysis that can accept feedback from customers through various methods such as  SMS, virtual assistant, and E-mails.

Customer complaint analysis using natural language processing was done for a dataset containing imbalanced data labels in this project. Data augmentation, punctuation and stop words removal, tokenizing, and padding were the several pre-processing methods adopted for different models.  The dataset was used to create a Random Forest, Logistic Regression, Naive Bayes, RNN, and LSTM models for the classification of negative feedback from others. The result showed a much better performance with LSTM compared to other models.
